---
layout: page
title: About
---

![Myself and some other interns visiting Google New
York](/assets/images/googlenyc.jpg)

## Summary

Hi there! My name is Sean and I am a software engineer at Google. I recently
graduated from Rice University with a degree in computer science. Outside of
tech, some of my hobbies include taking long walks, watching good film, hitting
the ski slopes, trekking through the mountains, and piloting myself through the
skies.

## How I got here

My early years began in Manhattan Beach, a small beach town in the south bay of
Los Angeles. In addition to a typical gradeschool education, I spent my free
time building lego structures with my friend Ryland in the hopes of one day
becoming an architect. There was nothing our creativity could stop us from
designing, including houses, stadiums, and ships.

In middleschool, I began to dive into filmmaking with my friend Michael.
Together we created many (amateur) films using what we thought was the most
cutting edge technology for our time. As middle schoolers, we were using
advanced editing software at a time before the ubiquity of iMovie. We
experimented with green screens, surround sound, and DVD authoring. We were one
of the first filmmakers to take advantage of YouTube, a system that ultimately
revolutionized the way we shared creative content with our friends.  It was
during this time that I developed my appreciation for film scores, and for the
art of film in general.  It was clear early on that I enjoyed being creative,
and using technology as a tool to express that creativity.

Local culture can have a tremendous impact on the way we go about our daily
lives. At this stage in my life, I was indocrinated into the California way of
life. When I wasn't being creative with some of the hobbies described above, I
could be found hanging out at the beach&mdash;my dad made sure to teach me how
to surf, a skill that I retain but do not practice as much today. I was highly
involved in my local Boy Scout troop, and was lucky to go on dozens of
backpacking trips, short and long, through the local mountains, San Jacinto,
and the Sierras.

My sheltered existence came to an end when I decided to enroll at Loyola High
School in downtown Los Angeles. Probably the biggest culture shock with this
transition came from being exposed to young men from all across Los Angeles,
from all different social and economic backgrounds. My entire experience at
Loyola gave me a whole new perspective on life, at least compared to how I had
lived for the past fourteen years. I was not making movies as much anymore, and
instead turned towards live theatre. Loyola was lucky to have probably one of
the best theatre programs I have ever seen&mdash;rivaling that of most
universities. Creativity took a new pair of shoes in this case, as I focused
primarily on set construction and sound design.

I had always been tech-savvy, but never in the same way as my friend John. He
was always trying to get my to try out Linux and to learn how to program, but
it was not until my senior year of high school that I finally discovered my
calling to the field of computer science. It was my AP Computer Science course
that proved to me that I could too develop computer software, and use this as
yet another medium to express myself. It was in this class that I finally
acquired a skill for experimentation, including developing Java GUIs for
my Number Munchers game, or playing with network sockets for my Scrabble game.

The following year, I enrolled at Northeastern University to pursue a degree
in computer engineering. I always knew that I wanted a change in scenery for
my college education, and thought that the northeast would be satisfiable in
this regard. My life never felt right though. During my first year, I kept
feeling that there was something missing. I had entered college with the
expectation of an environment and student body similar to what I had
experienced in high school: diverse, interactive, and involved. While
Northeastern certainly was not devoid of these entirely, I did not feel that
it was completely meeting my expectations. I quietly researched possible
alternatives, and eventually came to the conclusion that I needed to transfer
to Rice University.

A year into my college education, I was already making another big life change.
This was certainly a scary prospect, but it all paid off in the end. Rice
provided with opportunities that I didn't even know I wanted, and allowed me
the chance to develop myself into the adult that I am today. Academically, I
was certainly challenged; I switched my major to computer science after two
semesters and proceeded to complete the major in three years. I became highly
involved in my residential college (McMurtry) and developed friendships that
I will maintain for the rest of my life. I was fortunate to have two technical
internships in two new cities: Spiceworks in Austin, and Google in Pittsburgh.

My life has certainly had its ups and downs, and will continue to unveil new
ones as it unfolds. If there is one thing I have improved on over the course
of my life, it has been becoming more flexible and open, and not being afraid
to drop everything and try something new.

<p class="message">
  Life is a greedy algorithm. You must choose the best path at each point in
  the hopes that it will lead in a positive direction. Losses are inevitable
  along this journey, yet it is those that learn from these situations and
  alter their course that will eventually find the closest path to optimal.
</p>
